participants:
 - Joshua Krakos
 - Todd Michal
 - Mark Shephard
 - Nico Barral
 - Dan Ibanez
 - Mike Park

progress:
 - Nico has a cube/linear result, just needs to be uploaded
 - Dan has cube-cylinder "layer" results, but had to modify metric
 - Dan provided an evaluation tool and [build/run instructions](https://github.com/UGAWG/adapt-results/blob/master/STATS.md)
 
action items for next meeting:
 - Mike try the evaluation tool and [build/run instructions](https://github.com/UGAWG/adapt-results/blob/master/STATS.md)
 - Nico will upload cube/linear result
 - Joshua will run and upload cube/linear, possibly
   also cube-cylinder (both metrics ?)
 - Dan proposes we alter the benchmark metric constants to remove
   the need to use a gradation-controlled one.
 - Everyone should try the current second metric field for the cube-cyl
   to see if their codes had the same issue reported by Dan
 - Mike set up an overleaf project and invite group
 - Mike try the second cube-cyl metric and upload the first

discussion:
 - Dan had to apply gradation control to the cube-cylinder "layer"
   metric to get good quality elements. He will investigate a different
   set of constants that will remove this modification.
 - The first cube-cyl metric does not respect the curvature.
   We will use it as is and revisit this when we get to solution adaptation,
   where jitter in surface normals may impact finite volume accuracy.
 - Are there more comp-ex metric fields that create the curved surface
   projection difficulties on planar geometry? Some type of sphere-cube mapping?
 - We need to commit to an IMR paper next meeting. Adrien should be there
   to present the paper.

 Tentatively looking at late March for next meeting time.
